[docs] Streamline beats getting started guides (#17007)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/tab-widgets/install.asciidoc

------------------------------------------------

endif::[]
// end::linux[]

// tag::win[]
ifeval::["{release-state}"=="unreleased"]

Version {version} of {beatname_uc} has not yet been released.

endif::[]

ifeval::["{release-state}"!="unreleased"]

. Download the {beatname_uc} Windows zip file from the
https://www.elastic.co/downloads/beats/{beatname_lc}[downloads page].

. Extract the contents of the zip file into `C:\Program Files`.

. Rename the +{beatname_lc}-<version>-windows+ directory to +{beatname_uc}+.

. Open a PowerShell prompt as an Administrator (right-click the PowerShell icon
and select *Run As Administrator*).

. From the PowerShell prompt, run the following commands to install
{beatname_uc} as a Windows service:
+
["source","sh",subs="attributes"]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
PS > cd 'C:{backslash}Program Files{backslash}{beatname_uc}'
PS C:{backslash}Program Files{backslash}{beatname_uc}> .{backslash}install-service-{beatname_lc}.ps1
----------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: If script execution is disabled on your system, you need to set the

> execution policy for the current session to allow the sc      ript to run. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execution policy for the current session to allow the script to run. For
```

Author: whoopsie.
